Add email about southampton kickstart pizza (#8)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2018-11-08-kickstart-pizza.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2019, Southampton Segment

> subject: We found pizza

Reviewer: bit too informal here

---

Hi all,

> We've been able to find some budget to provide pizza for the Southampton kickstart. This means you no longer need to bring your own food, or seek it out from the nearby food vendors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to our sponsors at the University of Southampton, we're able to provide pizza for the Southampton kickstart lunch. This means you no longer need to bring your own food, or seek it out from the nearby food vendors.
```
